MTV-815: Release notes for MTV 2.5.3 (#444)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/rn-2.5.adoc

The old UI of MTV 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

> // thanks Arik.

Reviewer: :)

The old UI of MTV 2.3 cannot be enabled by setting `feature_ui: true` in ForkliftController anymore.

.Errors logged in populator pods are improved

// Need help with this
In {project-short}, the populator pod redirects the `ovirt-img` errors to the `/dev/termination-log`, so that populator controller can pick it up from  `pod.Status.ContainerStatuses[0].State.Terminated.Message`.

> // https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818 -

Author: @liranr23 & @ahadas - please can you advise what else you like included about [MTV-818](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-818)

Reviewer 2: The populator controller will monitor the populator pod and recreate the populator pod in case of an error 3 times. On the third time, the populator pod will remain in fail status. This allows the user to pick up the error from the populator pod and let the forklift-controller to know this step has failed.

Author: @liranr23 - ta very much

The VMware vSphere source provider can now be created without specifying a VDDK `init` image. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK `init` image to accelerate migrations.

.Deployment on OKE enabled

> In {project-short} 2.5.3, deployment on OpenShift Kubernetes Engine (OKE) has been enabled. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-803[(MTV-803)]

Author: @ahadas - please advise what other details do you want to include here?

Reviewer: I think that's good, we don't have to elaborate on OKE here. maybe adding a link to the documentation on OKE can be useful here, but I only found https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/welcome/oke_about.html and I don't think we want to refer to a particular version of openshift

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3. It is advised to update to this version of {project-short} or later.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-39319[CVE-2023-39319].

.CVE-2023-39318: Flaw in html/template package

A flaw was found in the Golang `html/template` package used in {project-short}. This flaw means {project-short} versions before {project-short} 2.5.3 are vulnerable as the `html/template` package did not properly handle HMTL-like `""` comment tokens, nor hashbang `\#!` comment tokens. This flaw could cause the template parser to improperly interpret the contents of `<script>` contexts, causing actions to be improperly escaped, which could be leveraged to perform an `XSS` attack. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-693[(MTV-693)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3. It is advised to update to this version of {project-short} or later.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-39318[CVE-2023-39318].

.Logs archive file downloaded from UI includes logs related to deleted migration plan/VM

> In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the logs file downloaded from UI could contain logs that are related to a previous migration plan. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-783[(MTV-783)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the log files downloaded from UI could contain logs that are related to a previous migration plan. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-783[(MTV-783)]
```

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3. It is advised to update to this version of {project-short} or later.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-39318[CVE-2023-39318].

.Logs archive file downloaded from UI includes logs related to deleted migration plan/VM

In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the logs file downloaded from UI could contain logs that are related to a previous migration plan. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-783[(MTV-783)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Extending a VM disk in RHV is not reflected in the MTV inventory

In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version},

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-830[(MTV-830)]

> This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

Author: @ahadas & @qiyuann - please could you advise what else you want me to cover for this as I do not really understand it? Thanks

Reviewer: In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the size of disks that are extended in RHV has not been properly monitored. This resulted in failure to migrate VMs with extended disks from a RHV provider.

.Filesystem overhead configurable

In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version},

link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-699[(MTV-699)]

> This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

Reviewer: `In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the filesystem overhead for new persistent volumes was hard coded to 10% in {project-full}. This overhead was too low for some filesystem types, and resulted in failures during cold-migrations from RHV and OSP to the cluster {project-short} is deployed on.

In {project-short} 2.5.3, the filesystem overhead can be configured.`

When adding an OVA provider, the error message `ConnectionTestFailed` may instantly appear, although the provider is created successfully. If the message does not disappear after a few minutes and the provider status does not move to `Ready`, this means that the `ova server pod creation` has failed. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-671[(MTV-671)]

> For a complete list of all known issues in this release, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-740?filter=12424645[Known Issues] in Jira.

Reviewer: I didn't notice this before but there's an issue with this view, take for instance https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-791 that appears there - it has affected-version=2.5.1 so it is supposed to come up by this search but its clone (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-812) is fixed in this release

we can add `and issueLinkType != "is cloned by"` to the query, but this will filter out results whose clone is not resolved yet, find the status of the clone becomes complicated..

Author: changed to 

```
project = MTV AND issuetype = Bug AND status not in (Verified, "Release Pending", Closed) AND component != Documentation AND (affectedVersion  <= 2.5.3 and affectedVersion >= 2.5.0)  AND issueLinkType != "is cloned by" ORDER BY priority DESC
```

.Gin Web Framework does not properly sanitize filename parameter of Context.FileAttachment function

A flaw was found in the Gin-Gonic Gin Web Framework, used by {project-short}. The filename parameter of the `Context.FileAttachment` function was not properly sanitized. This flaw in the package could allow a remote attacker to bypass security restrictions caused by improper input validation by the filename parameter of the `Context.FileAttachment` function.  A maliciously created filename could cause the `Content-Disposition` header to be sent with an unexpected filename value, or otherwise modify the `Content-Disposition` header.

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.2. It is advised to update to this version of {project-short} or later.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/cve-2023-29401[CVE-2023-29401 (Gin-Gonic Gin Web Framework)] and link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-26125[CVE-2023-26125].

.CVE-2023-26144: mtv-console-plugin-container: graphql: Insufficient checks in the OverlappingFieldsCanBeMergedRule.ts

> A flaw was found in the package GraphQL from 16.3.0 and before 16.8.1. This flaw means MTV versions before {project-short} 2.5.2 are vulnerable to Denial of Service (DoS) due to insufficient checks in the `OverlappingFieldsCanBeMergedRule.ts` file when parsing large queries. This issue may allow an attacker to degrade system performance. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-712[(MTV-712)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A flaw was found in the package GraphQL from 16.3.0 and before 16.8.1. This flaw means {project-short}  versions before {project-short} 2.5.2 are vulnerable to Denial of Service (DoS) due to insufficient checks in the `OverlappingFieldsCanBeMergedRule.ts` file when parsing large queries. This issue may allow an attacker to degrade system performance. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-712[(MTV-712)]
```

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3. It is advised to update to this version of {project-short} or later.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-39319[CVE-2023-39319].

.CVE-2023-39318: Flaw in html/template package

A flaw was found in the Golang `html/template` package used in {project-short}. This flaw means {project-short} versions before {project-short} 2.5.3 are vulnerable as the `html/template` package did not properly handle HMTL-like `""` comment tokens, nor hashbang `\#!` comment tokens. This flaw could cause the template parser to improperly interpret the contents of `<script>` contexts, causing actions to be improperly escaped, which could be leveraged to perform an `XSS` attack. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-693[(MTV-693)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3. It is advised to update to this version of {project-short} or later.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-39318[CVE-2023-39318].

> .Logs archive file downloaded from UI includes logs related to deleted migration plan/VM

Reviewer: yep, and `.Log archive file includes logs of a deleted migration plan or VM` from the known issues section should be dropped

In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the log files downloaded from UI could contain logs that are related to a previous migration plan. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-783[(MTV-783)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Extending a VM disk in RHV is not reflected in the MTV inventory

In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the size of disks that are extended in RHV was not adequately monitored. This resulted in the inability to migrate virtual machines with extended disks from a RHV provider. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-830[(MTV-830)]

This issue has been resolved in {project-short} 2.5.3.

.Filesystem overhead configurable

> In previous releases of {project-short} {project-version}, the filesystem overhead for new persistent volumes was hard-coded to 10%. The overhead was insufficient for certain filesystem types, resulting in failures during cold-migrations from RHV and OSP to the cluster where {project-short} is deployed.

Reviewer: as I commented on #447, it works both ways - to increase the overhead as written here, and also to reduce the overhead to minimize unused storage consumption (which is what MTV-699 refers to)
